# Splash - A Mobile Game App for Water Equity
Winfo Hackathon 2019
Project by Jiyun Yu, Mina Kang, Yewon Lee, and Jion Yi

## Overview
With water comes life. It is the main constituent of the Earth’s surface and in most living organisms.  However, almost 844 million people live without access to safe water. This means that nearly 1 in 9 individuals are unable to obtain this necessity (World Health Organization 2017). Distance from these developing countries often makes us oblivious to the notion that water is a crisis for many. On the other hand, even those with access to water do not consume enough water for their health needs. A 2018 study states that 80% Americans drink less water than the recommended daily amount (Quench USA). Splash strives to tackle both of these problems by creating a fun and engaging experience. Its gameplay encourages users to drink water while giving support to the cause through donations. Therefore, Splash aims to bring equity and empower its users and the world as a whole. 

## Features
Splash is a mobile app game that is designed to help end the water crisis and promote a healthier lifestyle for users through improving their water intake. The game’s goal is to take care of fish by maintaining the tank water’s purity and unlock new fish characters during this process. The main interaction between users and the game is the barcode scanning feature. As time progresses within the game, the fish tank becomes dirtier and its water needs to be replaced. Users must consume water and scan the corresponding barcode of the water bottle in order to refresh the tank water and unlock new fish characters. In return, a relative amount of clean water is donated to the communities in need around the world. The relationship between the users and the community is further reinforced as the fish characters they unlock are notable inhabitants of the area. Sponsor companies and organizations receives the data from barcodes and completes the water donation process accordingly.

## Feasibility
Our challenge is that the app has faced included where the source of funding would come from. Splash is planned to be marketed as a free downloadable game on any mobile application store. Hence, we are concerned with how the app would raise money to provide communities in need with clean water. We seek to tackle this challenge through sponsorship from notable water companies and organizations, such as Coca Cola, Glaceau Smartwater, Alliance for Water Stewardship, and Water.org. These are entities which have already been dedicated to addressing the global water crisis and share the same goal as ours. Working with them would resolve potential issues with lack of funds or awareness.
